Assignment #2
1.	Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and languages you used for the coding exercise?

I chose to publish my repository of GitHub because it is the tool that I am the most familiar with. I use it on a daily basis between my job and the work that I do as a member of Alabama Astrobotics. I decided to use C++ for this submission because it is the language that I am currently using the most, as it is the language that is required for all projects in my computer science class this semester and is what is use for Astrobotics projects. The iostream, fstream, string, and vector libraries were included in my submission. Iostream was necessary to output the results, and fstream was used the read in the transaction file. I decided to use the string library because the c++ string functions make it easier to process and use strings since the user is not responsible for keeping up with null terminator, unlike cstrings and char*. A vector was used in my code to store the payer information. Since vectors do not have to be initialized at a set size, using one in this application ensures that the program is scalable and eliminated the possibility of a memory leak from dynamic allocation. 

2.	 What are the advantages and disadvantages of you solution?

There are a couple of advantages to my solution. The use of a header/class file makes the overall runtime faster and makes the readability of the project better. Also, the use of a vector to store input allows the solution to scale with the size of the input file because vectors are not constrained by a set size. The disadvantage of my solution is that the sorting and searching algorithms that I used were not efficient. I used insertion sort to organize the inputs, and I also used several other nested loops to search and adjust the point values of the inputs. This means that the average runtime of my solution is O(n^2). While this is not a problem with the minimal input in the test file, as the number of transactions grows the runtime will grow exponentially, which would eventually make the solution impractical. 

3.	What has been your favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it challenged you?
My favorite project thus far has been the game that I made for the governor’s app challenge my senior year of high school. This project had an incredibly short timeline, about two weeks, so it was the first time I fully dedicated myself to a project. This was when I decided that I wanted to have a career in computer science. Looking back, the game had a lot of issues, but it allowed me to grow my skills and challenged me in a variety of ways. Up until that point, I had never used object oriented programming before, so I had to learn how classes and objects worked. I had also never done anything with graphics before, so I learned how to use pygame in order to finish the game because at the time Python was the language that I was the most comfortable using. 
